All right.
So this is a bonus chapter where we talk about how you can go about creating a product page for your
app that has been launched. Now in order to rank on Google search
it's a really good idea to create a product page.
It's meant to be something really simple. It's just something that shows a screenshot or a video and
has the all important download links.
So basically the difference between a website and a web app is that the web apps or web applications
actually do something but websites are mainly for displaying images or displaying information.
And in the current day and age, making a website or designing a website is as easy as pie and you should
not be paying somebody to do this.
So I'm going to show you just how easy it is to create your own product page and put it online.
So the first way I'm going to show you is using a tool called AppStop that was very kindly developed
by a guy called Nick Parrott. And this is really cool because basically what it means is that if you launch
an iOS app all you have to do is just copy the URL of your app listing on iTunes and then you just
paste it into here.
And once you hit create, it will automatically make a app product page for you.
So it takes all of the images that you've uploaded to iTunes, so your screenshots, your description, your
links, as well as giving you a really simple one page at the top.
So it looks beautiful.
It took me less than a second to do.
And then once you're done you can click on this get shareable URL and this is the URL that
now links to your new website
and you can show off your product to your heart's content.
Now this is the easiest way I know in order to create a product page.